// Compost colors for growthcraft_milk. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
appenzeller_cheese, #ffffd4
appenzeller_cheese_aged, #fffe83
appenzeller_cheese_slice, #ffffff
asiago_cheese, #ffffeb
asiago_cheese_aged, #e6cc8e
asiago_cheese_slice, #ffffff
butter, #fffff1
butter_milk_fluid_bucket, #ffffff
butter_salted, #fffff1
casu_marzu_cheese, #ffffbe
casu_marzu_cheese_aged, #dccf83
casu_marzu_cheese_slice, #ffffff
cheddar_cheese, #ffe14a
cheddar_cheese_aged, #fc2323
cheddar_cheese_slice, #fffff8
cheddar_cheese_waxed, #fc2323
cheese_cloth, #ffffff
condensed_milk_fluid_bucket, #ffffff
cream_fluid_bucket, #ffffff
cultured_milk_fluid_bucket, #ffffff
emmentaler_cheese, #ffffc6
emmentaler_cheese_aged, #fff187
emmentaler_cheese_slice, #ffffff
gorgonzola_cheese, #ffffff
gorgonzola_cheese_aged, #ffd3a2
gorgonzola_cheese_slice, #ffffff
gouda_cheese, #ffdc46
gouda_cheese_aged, #fff779
gouda_cheese_slice, #fffffb
gouda_cheese_waxed, #fff779
ice_cream_apple, #cab99a
ice_cream_chocolate, #7d4a1b
ice_cream_grape_purple, #b4918e
ice_cream_grape_red, #ffffff
ice_cream_grape_white, #ffffff
ice_cream_honey, #ffffff
ice_cream_pumpkin, #d0833d
ice_cream_watermelon, #d07962
milk_fluid_bucket, #ffffff
milking_bucket_iron, #d2d2d2
monterey_cheese, #ffffff
monterey_cheese_aged, #504e4e
monterey_cheese_slice, #ffffff
monterey_cheese_waxed, #504e4e
parmesan_cheese, #ffffff
parmesan_cheese_aged, #fff7b8
parmesan_cheese_slice, #ffffff
provolone_cheese, #ffffe0
provolone_cheese_aged, #ffffff
provolone_cheese_slice, #ffffff
provolone_cheese_waxed, #ffffff
ricotta_cheese_slice, #ffffff
skim_milk_fluid_bucket, #ffffff
starter_culture, #ffffff
stomach, #fff5f8
thistle, #c5d0b5
thistle_seed, #9ea27a
yogurt_apple, #ffffff
yogurt_chocolate, #ffffff
yogurt_grape_purple, #ffffff
yogurt_grape_red, #ffffff
yogurt_grape_white, #ffffff
yogurt_honey, #ffffff
yogurt_plain, #a7977a
yogurt_pumpkin, #bc7023
yogurt_watermelon, #ffffff
