// Compost colors for growthcraft_apiary. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
bee, #dcf2c5
bees_wax, #fffff5
bees_wax_black, #fbfbfb
bees_wax_blue, #f5ffff
bees_wax_brown, #ffffea
bees_wax_cyan, #e6ffff
bees_wax_gray, #ffffff
bees_wax_green, #e6ffe7
bees_wax_light_blue, #fcffff
bees_wax_light_gray, #ffffff
bees_wax_lime, #fffffc
bees_wax_magenta, #ffe6ff
bees_wax_orange, #ffffe4
bees_wax_pink, #fff5ff
bees_wax_purple, #f5e6ff
bees_wax_red, #fffff5
bees_wax_white, #ffffff
bees_wax_yellow, #fffff5
honey_comb_empty, #dcc054
honey_comb_full, #fff465
honey_fluid_bucket, #fafafa
honey_mead_fluid_bucket, #fafafa
honey_mead_must_fluid_bucket, #fafafa
